"He suffers more than necessary, who suffers before it is necessary.  " - Seneca

"Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours. " - Orison Swett Marden

"There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power or our will." - Epictetus

"The temptation to give up is strongest just before victory." - Zen Proverb

"Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string." - Ralph Waldo Emerson

"Normal is the average of deviance." - Rita Mae Brown

"Through discipline comes freedom." - Aristotle

"A fool sees himself as another, but a wise man sees others as himself." - Dogen

"Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts." - Charles Dickens

"When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal; you do not change your decision to get there." - Zig Ziglar

"True wealth is of the heart, not of the purse." - Og Mandino

"Lust, anger and greed are the three gates to self-destructive hell." - Bhagavad Gita

"We can choose to look at whatever we want.  We can look at what's wrong in our life or we can look at what's right." - Sonia Ricotti

"In order for you to be the BEST you can be for others, first you must be BEST for yourself." - Jeffrey Gitomer

"Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame." - Alexander Pope

"Fear of death is fear of the Unknown." - Adi Da Samraj

"People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents." - Andrew Carnegie

"Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all." - Aristotle

"Time is a game played beautifully by children." - Heraclitus

"One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory." - Rita Mae Brown

"Courage is fear that has said its prayers and decided to go forward anyway." - Joyce Meyer

"Focus is a matter of deciding what things you're not going to do." - John Carmack

"Patience expands your options. If you insist on immediate gratification, your choices are severely limited." - Ralph Marston

"Everything great that has ever happened to humanity has begun as a single thought in someone's mind." - Yanni

"Loyalty and friendship are the most precious possessions a man can have." - Herbert Hoover

"If you focus on success, you'll have stress. But if you pursue excellence, success will be guaranteed." - Deepak Chopra

"Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day." - Paulo Coelho

"The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion." - Paulo Coelho

"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest." - Benjamin Franklin

"Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion." - Rumi

"Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any." - Thomas Jefferson

"Fortunate are those who take the first steps." - Paulo Coelho

"Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time." - Elbert Hubbard

"Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness." - Zhuangzi

"Death is not an ending. It is a transformation." - Ming-Dao Deng

"Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe." - Abraham Lincoln

"Real growth comes through intense, difficult, and challenging situations." - Kamal Ravikant

"Those who are easily shocked should be shocked more often." - Mae West

"There is always room in your life for thinking bigger, pushing limits and imagining the impossible." - Tony Robbins

"Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees." - Rumi

"We may not be responsible for the world that created our minds, but we can take responsibility for the mind with which we create our world." - Gabor Mate

"Sometimes letting things go is an act of far greater power than defending or hanging on." - Eckhart Tolle

"If we know how to adapt, we end up being superior." - Ming-Dao Deng

"We are all here for some special reason." - Robin Sharma

"Anger exceeding limits causes fear and excessive kindness eliminates respect." - Euripides

"I love fools' experiments. I am always making them." - Charles Darwin

"Correct what you can. Learn from what you can't." - Toni Morrison

"You'll never find rainbows if you're looking down.  " - Charlie Chaplin

"Everybody's life is either rewarding or an example." - Tony Robbins

"You cannot always control what goes on outside. But you can always control what goes on inside. " - Wayne Dyer

"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs

"Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon

"Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman

"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde

"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi

"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost

"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson

"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt

"Whoever is happy will make others happy too." - Anne Frank

"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one." - Albert Einstein

"Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value." - Albert Einstein

"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu

"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs

"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." - Confucius

"May you live every day of your life." - Jonathan Swift

"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!" - Audrey Hepburn

"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill

"Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground." - Theodore Roosevelt

"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." - Tony Robbins

"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw

"What we think, we become." - Buddha

"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain

"Everything you can imagine is real." - Pablo Picasso

"Whatever you are, be a good one." - Abraham Lincoln

"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi

"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama

"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius

"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan

"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James

"Light tomorrow with today." - Elizabeth Barrett Browning

"Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul." - Emily Dickinson

"Stay hungry, stay foolish." - Steve Jobs

"Quality is not an act, it is a habit." - Aristotle

"Turn your wounds into wisdom." - Oprah Winfrey

"Where there is love there is life." - Mahatma Gandhi

"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." - Leonardo da Vinci

"Love the life you live. Live the life you love." - Bob Marley

"Every moment is a fresh beginning." - T.S. Eliot

"Whatever you do, do it well." - Walt Disney

"Happiness depends upon ourselves." - Aristotle

"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." - Eleanor Roosevelt

"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt

"Change the world by being yourself." - Amy Poehler

"Let all that you do be done in love." - Corinthians

"Die with memories, not dreams." - Unknown

"Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see." - Confucius

"Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday." - Dale Carnegie

"Imagination means nothing without doing." - Charlie Chaplin

"Be so good they can't ignore you." - Steve Martin

"Never let your memories be greater than your dreams." - Doug Ivester

"Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact." - William James

"The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same." - Carlos Castaneda

"Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk." - Doug Larson

"Difficulties are things that show a person what they are." - Epictetus

"One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca

"You always pass failure on the way to success." - Mickey Rooney

"Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes." - Mahatma Gandhi

"The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions." - Confucius

"Never mistake activity for achievement." - John Wooden

"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." - Eleanor Roosevelt

"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." - Wayne Dyer

"God always takes the simplest way." - Albert Einstein

"Every problem has a gift for you in its hands." - Richard Bach

"The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order." - Alfred North Whitehead

"To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it." - Confucius

"All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable." - Kathleen Norris

"The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of." - Charles H. Perkhurst

"To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves - there lies the great, singular power of self-respect." - Joan Didion

"Whoever is happy will make others happy, too." - Mark Twain

"Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it." - Norman Cousins

"To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have." - Ken S. Keyes

"Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace." - Buddha

"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein

"Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity." - Edwin Chapin

"Every man is a volume if you know how to read him." - William Ellery Channing

"Quality is not an act, it is a habit." - Aristotle

"The years teach much which the days never know." - Ralph Waldo Emerson

"Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less." - Marie Curie

"Think how hard physics would be if particles could think." - Murray Gell-Mann

"Nothing is so strong as gentleness, and nothing is so gentle as real strength." - Ralph W. Sockman

"He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today." - Tryon Edwards

"Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is." - H. Jackson Browne

"To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist." - Gail Sheehy

"To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life." - William Londen

"Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them." - Richard Bach

"Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach." - Tony Robbins

"Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines." - Ralph Waldo Emerson

"To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with." - Mark Twain

"We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us." - David Seamands

"Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting centuries for somebody ignorant enough of the impossible to do that very thing." - John Andrew Holmes

"One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time." - André Gide

"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu

"A short saying oft contains much wisdom." - Sophocles

"Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket." - Doug Horton

"Transformation doesn't take place with a vacuum; instead, it occurs when we are indirectly and directly connected to all those around us." - Byron Pulsifer

"Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough." - Byron Pulsifer

"Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?" - Confucius

"Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change." - Barbara Baron

"Never mistake activity for achievement." - John Wooden

"To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else." - Tenzin Gyatso